---
title: "Loving Holiday Greetings & Happy 2014!"
categories: 
  - "recipes"
draft: true
---

**My first official update**

Lovely tribe, what a year has it been! I smile as I reflect, for it has been an impactful year for me personally, with many life changing and 'first-timer' experiences. Highlights include my first ever 7-day silent mindfulness meditation retreat, my first ever burn, my resignation from my 9-5 corporate career, my heart-charging experience at Awesomeness Fest, and most recently, my entry into a new decade - my good ol' (young) 30's.

I sit here proud of my successes, and motivated and driven to fly even higher in 2014, with focus, collaborations, and most importantly, balance.

My website is coming together, with recipes being added and organized, so you'll no longer have to sort through my facebook page albums when you're looking for something specific. I have a lot more in store for the new year, from coaching, to vlogs & blogs, to hangouts, to webinars, to recipe books, to marketable food products, to games, to retreats - and well, the list continues, and becomes clearer as my intentions and manifestations become stronger and more consistent.

Until launch date, I'll send you email updates, to fill you in on some of my most cherished milestones, and of course, to keep you in the positive loop. Since google has made some changes and updates, many 'mailing list' emails are now being labeled as 'promotions' and are not visible in the inbox. To avoid having this email fall into that category, and get lost in translation, it's important that you go to your inbox and search "label:promotions", highlight my email (as well as others you may find), or search for "Living Rhea" and click "Not Promotions" at the top of the page. This will ensure future emails come to your inbox.

Excited to journey with you, and continue to share my research, expeRAWments, learnings, insights and programs with you, in 2014 and beyond.

Happy Holidays! Enjoy this loving time, and please join me in setting 3-5 solid intentions and goals for the new year, verbally, written and/or in the form of a vision board (tangible or virtual).

LOADS of love, light & warmth,

Dr. Rhea xx
